# yakiudon-vim: post diary into your yakiudon diary system from __Vim__.

## What's this?

A One of Implementation for [yakiudon](https://github.com/sorah/yakiudon) API.

This plugin makes post diary from your vim.

## Requirements

* metarw
* ruby 1.9.2+

## how to use

    :e yakiudon:list " show yakiudon article list.
    :e yakiudon:20110514 " edit diary of May 14, 2011.
    :w yakiudon:20110514 " post diary of May 14, 2011.
    :e yakiudon:today " edit diary of today.
    :w yakiudon:today " post diary of today.

## Settings

`g:yakiudon_root` - root of your yakiudon. Default: `http://localhost:4567/`
`g:yakiudon_user` - username for your yakiudon. if not exist, this plugin will be ask.
`g:yakiudon_pass` - password for your yakiudon. if not exist, this plugin will be ask.
`g:yakiudon_rbfile` - path to yakiudon.rb. (Optional)
`g:yakiudon_ruby` - command for kick `ruby`. Default: `ruby`

## Author

Shota Fukumori (sora\_h)

<http://sorah.cosmio.net/>

## Licence

(c) Shota Fukumori (sora\_h)

    The MIT Licence {{{
        Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
        of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
        in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
        to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
        copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
        furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

        The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
        all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

        THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
        IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
        FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
        AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
        LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
        OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
        THE SOFTWARE.
    }}}
